Project Name: Bitewave

Brief: Online audio library

Project Description: This project will be an online tool (just like soundcloud) for music lovers. Here they can log in, upload music, create a playlist, share and so on...

-----Rose-----
1) Search Music
Desc: Search for a song.

2) Pause History
Desc: This will store the last song listening so the user can continue where they left.

3) Count (you listen, total other listen)
Desc: This will count and display the number of times the user listened to the song, total number everyone listened to the song.

4) Popularity
Desc: This will provide information to the user for new and popular music.



-----Bhanu-----
1) Signup Form
Desc: Users can register to the website.

2) Add Upload Music
Desc: This will allow the user to upload and save music online.

3) Song recommendations: Based on user listening history, this will suggest user new songs.
4) Offline MusicDesc: This will allow the user to download and listen to music without the internet.

-----Dhanpreet-----
1) MVC
Desc: Basic model of the project, over this all the features will be built.

2) Comments
Desc: This will allow the user to comment below the song.

3) Create Playlist
Desc: Create a new playlist by uploading music or adding already available songs online.

4) Like/Dislike Song or Playlist
Desc: This will allow the user to like the song and save it to there like a playlist.

-----Yegor-----
1) Subscribe Music Channel
Desc: This will allow the user to create music channels and let other users subscribe to it.

2) Share Song
Desc: With this user can share songs will friends in the project or sare link over other social media.

3) Add friends
Desc: This will allow the user to add and manage friends.

-----Cynthia-----
1)User profiles: allows users to customize their usernames, description, and playlists that others will see.

2)Profile playlists: Registered users can create their own playlists that display on their profiles. Users can create, delete and edit playlists that are only visisble when logged in to their account.

3)Our Team: Shows current company positions and members. Admin side can update, create and delete members while User can view the page.
